Add 'module-type' option determining how README is linted (#26)
sanctuary-js/sanctuary-scripts: README.md

| `comment-prefix`              | `.`                   | The character which follows `//` to signify documentation to transcribe.      |
| `opening-delimiter`           | `` ```javascript ``   | The opening delimiter of doctest blocks in the source files.                  |
| `closing-delimiter`           | `` ``` ``             | The closing delimiter of doctest blocks in the source files.                  |

> | `module-type`                 | `commonjs`            | The type of module doctest should use. One of `commonjs`, `amd`, or `esm`.    |

Reviewer: Is it necessary to mention doctest here? This variable could also be used for other purposes.

Author: But it's not. I think it's better to change the description once it's used for other purposes.

Reviewer: Okay. :)

> | `module-type`                 | `commonjs`            | The type of module doctest should use. One of `commonjs`, `amd`, or `esm`.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `module-type`                 | `commonjs`            | The module system doctest should use (`amd`, `commonjs`, or `esm`).           |
```

| `opening-delimiter`           | `` ```javascript ``   | The opening delimiter of doctest blocks in the source files.                  |
| `closing-delimiter`           | `` ``` ``             | The closing delimiter of doctest blocks in the source files.                  |
| `version-tag-prefix`          | `v`                   | The prefix of annotated version tags (`version-tag-prefix =` for no prefix).  |

> | `module-type`                 | `commonjs`            | The type of module doctest should use. One of `commonjs`, `amd`, or `esm`.    |

Reviewer: Let's include `module-type` after `closing-delimiter` so the doctest-related variables are together.

Author: :zap:
